Now let's add the just version of the spin artists opening the sign up.
Just toss again, just like we did in the karma tests, we are going to extract this repeating part
into a set of function.
So here in this described we will have a function, let's say this is setup form and in this one we
are using async await because the libraries we are using are using a thing.
Wait, so in this one just cutting this the the one from the sent username test until this part just
cutting it pasting.
Here we are using the button in the test.
So let's have the button here.
And let's call it wait.
Sit up form and we are clicking the button.
And in this one let's also call.
Set up form.
Let's save this.
And the tests are passing.
Now we are going to add the test for the button disabled case.
So just copying this test description.
And in this one it.
Disables button when there is an ongoing API call and this is async.
We call setup form.
Now we are going to click the button and we are going to click it multiple times.
In the karma test, we are using the HTTP type testing controller to to have the expectation from the
server point of view about how many requests are expected.
But in this one, we are using the mock service worker right here so we we can do similar thing right
here.
We can count how many times this endpoint is being called.
So like we can have a counter right here, let's say let's counter.
And this is going to be initially zero.
And as it receives a request to this endpoint, we are going to increase the counter by one.
But we are calling this like we are clicking this button multiple tests.
So before each test let's make sure the counter is reset back to the zero.
Otherwise, for instance, this test is also sending the request.
So this would be affecting the overall count in the server.
So like here we can add before each, before each, and before each test we can say the counter to be
zero.
So in this test it disables button when there is an ongoing API call.
We can check like we checked the request, but we can check.
Wait, wait for.
And we expect this counter.
To be.
One.
So saving this one, we already have the implementation, so we expect this to pass.
So it's is passing.
Now let's add the next test.
And in this one, we are displaying the spinner.
It displays spinner after clicking submit.
Now we are going to call setup form.
We are going to click the button, but we are going to check this spinner before clicking the button
and after clicking the button.
So we will get, we expect.
Screen.
We are going to get the let's check the sign up component.
Once again, we are going to query this this element and we are using the the role functionality so
far, like for querying the button, we were using this get by roll or we were using in the header part,
we were using get by roll as well and we were using this heading roll for getting the the element we
are looking for.
So for this spinner we can use this roll assigned to IT status.
So here we are going to get that by roll.
And since we are looking for a non-existing element at this moment, it's not going to be there.
So we are going to use the functionality of query by roll, not get by roll.
So get by functionality, are expecting that element to be there, otherwise it fails.
But when we are going to query an element which is not going to be there for that moment, we need to
use the functionality of query by.
So we are looking for this element not to be exist.
So we are using this query by functionality and we are going to get by the role status.
And we expect this not to be in the document.
But after clicking the button we expect.
So this query returns null if it doesn't find the element, but if it finds the element, it returns
that element.
So we can use the same one here.
So before clicking the button, the element will not be there, but after clicking the button, it's
going to be there saving it.
This test is failing, but we know that it's working.
We have verified it on process and also we verified with the tests for the karma.
The thing is this.
Query by role.
This role queries are caring about all the accessibility functionality associated with the element.
So right here, let's move each of these into their own line.
So other than having this roll, we have this area.
So this is accessibility related parameter and basically it is setting this element to be not accessible
from the accessibility point of view.
So that's why our queries are not finding the element.
So both are actually not finding the element.
Even the element is there.
It's not finding.
Therefore the query is failing.
So one of the options is we can either say like.
We can pass an options saying hidden to be true.
So this is going to be querying the element if even there they are hidden from the accessibility point
of view.
So we can do like this and adding the same to this one.
Let's save it.
Now this is passing so it's not caring about this parameter to be set or we can remove this.
And we can also remove this one from.
This element.
So either option is fine.
It's up to your implementation details.
So we know this element will only be visible based on this API progress.
So from accessibility point of view, it doesn't really matter like it to be hidden or anything.
We are in control of this element to visibility and is visible just during the API progress.
So like for this specific case, it is fine to remove the accessibility hidden and we can just go like
this query by role and the role of the element we are looking for.
So this is how we will test this one in jest.
And the all tests are passing.